<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="transkription">
  <title>Guidelines for the Ground Truth Transcription</title>
  <titlealts><navtitle>Transcription</navtitle></titlealts>
    <abstract>
<shortdesc>Transcription guidelines for full texts to be used as Ground Truth</shortdesc>
</abstract>
  <body>
<p>The Ground Truth corpus contains pages from publications printed between 1500 and 1900. The
      content of the corpus is based on a particular selection from the holdings of the DFG project
  <xref href="http://www.deutschestextarchiv.de" format="html" scope="external">„German Text Archive“</xref>, the <xref href="http://digital.staatsbibliothek-berlin.de/"
    format="html" scope="external">Digitized Collections of the Staatsbibliothek zu Berlin</xref> and the <xref
        href="http://www.hab.de/de/home/bibliothek/digitale-bibliothek-wdb.html" format="html"
        scope="external">Wolfenbüttel Digital Library</xref> of the Duke August library. The
      holdings of projects and digital collections of other libraries as well as additional Ground
      Truth data, which are compiled together with module projects, can be included in the corpus as
      special extensions in concertation with the OCR-D coordination project. If additional
      annotations or texts are necessary, these can be created in consultation with the OCR-D
      coordination project.</p>
<p>The provision of Ground Truth data <b>aims</b> at: <ul id="ul_ckm_mmm_gz">
        <li>making available templates and data for the purpose of training OCR programs,</li>
        <li>as well as enabling an examination and evaluation of the OCR recognition results.</li>
      </ul></p>
<p>These transcription guidelines largely follow the <xref
        href="http://deutschestextarchiv.de/doku/basisformat/transkription.html" format="html"
        scope="external">guidelines of the German Text Archive</xref>. Subsequently, its <b>basic
        principles</b> are described, which are also followed by these guidelines: </p>
<ul id="ul_wkt_mvj_gz">
<li>The texts are transcribed under the principle of preserving the historical language level of
        the texts.</li>
<li>In order to achieve this objective, we aim to minimize the number of (unavoidable)
        interpretations of typographical features.</li>
<li>Printing errors are not corrected.</li>
<li>The following guidelines result from the principle of preserving the original text as accurately
        as possible while at the same time concentrating on the lexical situation.</li>
</ul><p>The corpus is transcribed or can be transcribed in relation to the <b>interpretation of individual typographic and graphematic phenomena</b> at different
      levels. The levels are explained in more detail below.</p>
</body>
</topic>
