<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="kontakt">
  <title>Imprint and Privacy Policy</title>
  <titlealts><navtitle>Imprint</navtitle></titlealts>
<abstract><shortdesc>Imprint, terms of use, contact data and privacy policy</shortdesc></abstract>
  <body>
      <section id="section_jmj_sdy_51b">
<p>Below you will find the legally regulated mandatory information on provider identification and
        legal information on the internet presence of the OCR-D project.</p></section>
<section>
 <title>Provider</title>
      <p>The transcription guidelines for creating transcriptions for Ground Truth are based, among
        other things, on the documentation of the DTA basic format. The guidelines are developed and
        published as part of the <xref href="http://www.ocr-d.de" format="html" scope="external"
          >OCR-D</xref> project.</p>
      <p>The provider of this website is the Duke August Library Wolfenbüttel in the legal
        sense.</p>
      <p>Duke August Library</p>
<p>Lessingplatz 1</p>
<p>D-38304 Wolfenbüttel</p>
<p>Phone: +49 (0) 5331 808-0</p>
<p>Fax: +49 (0) 5331 808-302</p>
<p>e-mail: <xref href="mailto:auskunft@hab.de" format="html" scope="external"
>auskunft@hab.de</xref></p>
<p><xref href="http://www.hab.de" format="html" scope="external">http://www.hab.de</xref></p>
<p><b>Representatives</b></p>
<p>HAB Wolfenbüttel is represented by its Director, Prof. Dr. Peter Burschel.</p>
<p><b>Editor-in-Chief</b></p>
<p>Andrea Opitz</p>
<p>Duke August Library</p>
<p>Lessingplatz 1</p>
<p>D-38304 Wolfenbüttel</p>
      <p>Phone: +49 5331 808-314</p>
      <p>e-mail: <xref href="mailto:opitz@hab.de" format="html" scope="external"
>opitz@hab.de</xref></p>
      </section>


    <section>
      <title>Legal Notice on Copyright</title>
      <p>The guidelines are protected by copyright. <xref
          href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/de/deed.en" format="html" scope="external"
          >Creative Commons: Attribution - ShareAlike 3.0 Germany
          (CC BY-SA 3.0 DE)</xref>.</p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Employees and Responsible Persons</title>
        <ul><li>Format: Matthias Boenig, Maria Federbusch, Clemens Neudecker, Susanne Haaf, Christian Thomas,
Frank Wiegand</li>
        <li>Documentation &amp; curation: Matthias Boenig, Maria Federbusch, Clemens Neudecker</li>
        <li>Preparatory work (until 2010): Oliver Duntze, Christiane Fritze, Alexander Geyken, Robin
          Pack</li>
        </ul>  
        
        <p>Contact: <xref href="mailto:haaf@bbaw.de" format="html" scope="external"
          >boenig@bbaw.de</xref></p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Technical Realization of the Documentation Pages</title>
        <p>This documentation is based on the XML-documentation format <xref
          href="http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.2/spec/DITA1.2-spec.html" format="html"
          scope="external"> DITA (Darwin Information Typing Architecture)</xref>.</p>
      <p>This website was created with <xref href="https://www.oxygenxml.com/" format="html"
          scope="external">oXygen XML Editors</xref> and adjusted to the design of the OCR-D
        project.</p>
        <p>Technical realization and adjustment: Matthias Boenig, in cooperation with Susanne
            Haaf.</p>
        <p>English translation: Elisabeth Engl.</p>
    </section>
  
  <section><title>Disclaimer</title>
<p><b>Content of the Online Offer</b></p>
<p>The author assumes no liability for the topicality, correctness, completeness or quality of the
        information provided. Liability claims against the author relating to material or immaterial
        damage caused by the use or non-use of the information provided or by the use of incorrect
        or incomplete information are excluded, unless there is evidence of willful intent or gross
        negligence on the part of the author.</p>
<p> All offers are subject to change and non-binding. The author expressly reserves the right to
        change, supplement or delete parts of the pages or the entire offer without prior notice or
        to discontinue publication temporarily or permanently.</p>
<p><b>References and Links</b></p>
<p>The author is not responsible for any contents linked or referred to from his pages – unless he
        has full knowledge of illegal contents and would technically be able to prevent the visitors
        of his site from viewing those pages.</p>
<p> The author hereby expressly declares that at the time the links were created, no illegal content
        was recognizable on the linked pages. The author has no influence whatsoever on the current
        and future design, content or authorship of the linked pages. The author therefore expressly
        distances himself from all contents of all linked pages that have been changed since the
        link was created. This statement applies to all links and references set within the author's
        own Internet offer as well as to third-party entries in guest books, discussion forums and
        mailing lists set up by the author. For illegal, incorrect or incomplete contents and in
        particular for damages arising from the use or non-use of such information, the provider of
        the page to which reference is made is solely liable, not the party who merely refers to the
        respective publication via links.</p>
<p><b>Copyright and Trademark Law</b></p>
<p>The author endeavours to observe the copyrights of the graphics, sound documents, video sequences
        and texts used in all publications, to use graphics, sound documents, video sequences and
        texts created by himself or to make use of licence-free graphics, sound documents, video
        sequences and texts.</p>
<p>All brands and trademarks mentioned within the Internet offer and possibly protected by third
        parties are subject without restriction to the provisions of the applicable trademark law
        and the ownership rights of the respective registered owners. The mere fact that a trademark
        is mentioned should not lead to the conclusion that it is not protected by the rights of
        third parties!</p>
      <p>The copyright for published objects created by the author himself remains solely with the
        author of the pages. Any duplication or use of objects such as diagrams, sounds or texts in
        other electronic or printed publications is not permitted without the author's
        agreement.</p>
<p><b>Data Protection</b></p>
      <p>As part of its participation in the German Library Statistics, the Herzog August Bibliothek
        uses a procedure for counting visits to its website. When calling up the homepage and/or the
        catalogue page ("OPAC"), an identifier of the library and the page concerned, the time of
        the call and a signature of the calling computer are stored. The signature is generated
        using a one-way function consisting of IP address, browser identification and proxy
        information. The collection, storage and evaluation of this data takes place in
        pseudoanonymised form, i.e. the signature cannot be assigned to specific persons. The IP
        address in particular is not stored. The pseudonymous individual data are summed up after 24
        hours at the latest and thus anonymised. </p>
      <p>The stored data is statistically evaluated in order to design and further develop our
        website in line with requirements. The data will only be used for this purpose and will be
        deleted after evaluation. </p>
      <p>The Stuttgart Media University is responsible for the technical and organisational
        implementation of the procedure. It has developed the procedure in accordance with the
        provisions of the Data Protection Act and the Telemedia Act (TMG) and undertakes to comply
        with them. </p>
<p>You have the opportunity to object to the collection, processing and use of the aforementioned
        data of your visits for the aforementioned purpose. Please click on the following external
          [<xref href="http://dbspixel.hbz-nrw.de/widerspruch.html" format="html" scope="external"
          >Link</xref>].</p>
      <p>If the opportunity for the input of personal or business data (email addresses, name,
        addresses) is given, the input of these data takes place voluntarily. The use and payment of
        all offered services are permitted – if and so far technically possible and reasonable –
        without specification of any personal data or under specification of anonymized data or an
        alias.</p>
<p><b>Legal Validity of this Disclaimer</b></p>
      <p>This disclaimer is to be regarded as part of the internet publication which you were
        referred from. If sections or individual terms of this statement are not legal or correct,
        the content or validity of the other parts remain uninfluenced by this fact.</p>
<p>(This disclaimer is based on the text of <xref href="http://www.disclaimer.de" format="html"
          scope="external">http://www.disclaimer.de</xref>).</p>
    </section>
    
    
  </body>
</topic>
