<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="index">
    <title>The Ground-Truth-Guidelines</title>
    <body>

        <p>Using reference data for training and evaluation of statistical annotation and analysis
            methods is a core feature of empirical research. The most important basis for the
            successful application of such methods is the employment of suitable models underlying
            the algorithms. In addition to a suitable learning procedure, the existence of ground
            truth is the essential prerequisite for the creation of such models.</p>
        <p>The OCR-D-Ground-Truth-Guidelines contain a format documentation of the existing <xref
                href="https://ocr-d.github.io/en/data" format="html" scope="external">Ground Truth
                provided by OCR-D</xref> and can be used as instructions for the compilation of
            further Ground Truth. With this standardisation, Ground Truth can be technically
            validated. Furthermore, existing transcriptions can be checked on the basis of this set
            of rules and, if necessary, converted into Ground Truth data.</p>
        <p>The data format of the OCR-D-Ground-Truth is PAGE-XML. This format was initially
            developed by the PRImA Research Lab at the University of Salford Greater Manchester and
            fundamentally extended within the EU project IMPACT. It is currently managed by the
            PRImA Research Lab. In order to ensure further development and maintenance of this
            format, a PAGE-XML board was created on the initiative of OCR-D.</p>
       

    </body>
    <related-links><linklist outputclass="linklist_index"><title>The guidelines are divided into the following parts:</title>
        <link href="transkription.dita"/>
        <link href="layout.dita"/>
        <link href="structur_gt.dita"/>
        <link href="trPage.dita"/>
        <link href="page_xml_erweiterungen.dita"/></linklist>
    </related-links>
</topic>
